[Music]
all right just so we're clear everyone
here knows their role right Dave
wheels on the ground curtain eyes in the
sky police oh man you know it you know
what I get to wear uniform that's what's
up
Louise I'm sorry I'm I'm good I'm good I
just say excited and plus your
girlfriend's really hot so you know that
makes me nervous too and you are very
beautiful ma'am you can stop now she's
hey you know what I was thinking about
tactic like when I go undercover like a
whistling you know say until I blend in
no don't whistle no whistling it's not
The Andy Griffith Show no whistling
an unfortunate casualty in a very
serious operation marvels and man
[Music]
everywhere July 17th